Damn this elegance
Although it has been caught for a long time
This time, Dingguo public servants have successfully turned the risk
How can that be?
Father, why worry?
His Majesty neither rewarded in public
But it means no choice was made
The reason why Cui Zhuang said
But I didn't expect him to hide for many years
It's just careless
If you really want to compete
This lamb is naturally no match
What's more, this lamb has loved me for a long time
The whole of Chang'an knows that there is still a step to turn around
Besides, my Daqin Tianxia family is smart
With her daughter's talent
I'm sure I'll find someone better than Gao Yang
A hundred times the talent
Is it Dingguo Palace?
Old after all
Give up punishment for inadequacy
Visit Father
However, I already know this
I didn't expect this rebel to hide so deep
Today is a good thing for the rebels
High on me
Seven is a good thing
But His Majesty did not seal it
This represents
The dust has not yet settled
It is normal for His Majesty to consider it
In my understanding of His Majesty
Your Majesty is between Cui Xing and Yang Er
There is one last exam on statecraft
If the sheep cannot win
Isn't Cui Xinghe still unable to escape punishment?
Not necessarily.
Father has confidence in the sheep
The old man has lived for 70 years
successive third brothers
What kind of dirty old man has never seen it?
But gas like him
This is the first time I've seen this old man
However, it may surprise us.
Oh, I'm afraid so.
The old man's late robbery is not guaranteed?
But it doesn't matter
As long as the old man is still alive, he can save his life
While the old man is still alive
Is it good to let him exercise?
Go, father
One more thing.
Today's gift-giving daughter sends a kiss
Dear, withdraw from the door.
It's just that there is a lot of discussion in Chang'an City
How should this be
The marriage of my Gao family is not so easy to return
All the younger generations of the Song family army proposed
One that does not allow my Gao family to suffer death and humiliation
The old man went crazy
His Majesty probably won't say anything
Hey, okay.
Let's not talk about that.
Sit down and play chess with the old man
Father, let's talk about it first
If it is Shu Qi
You can't hit people with a chessboard.